README.md, before:

```
    __________.___   _____        ___.        __               __
    \______   \   | /     \   ____\_ |__     |__| ____   _____/  |_ 
    |    |  _/   |/  \ /  \ /  _ \| __ \    |  |/ __ \_/ ___\   __\
    |    |   \   /    Y    (  <_> ) \_\ \   |  \  ___/\  \___|  |  
    |______  /___\____|__  /\____/|___  /\__|  |\___  >\___  >__|  
           \/             \/          \/ \_____|     \/     \/      
    ----------------------------------------------------------------- 
```

Hi there! Welcome to the BIMobject AngularJS test. 

## To get you started:

1. Make sure you have NodeJS, NPM and Bower installed. 
2. Run 
```bash
$ npm install
```
3. Run 
```bash
$ bower install
```
4. Run 
```bash
$ npm start
```
5. Navigate to the address shown in the terminal, probably [http://127.0.0.1:4040](http://127.0.0.1:4040).

**Happy coding!**

## To show off what you've done

Create a fork of the project and send us the link to your project to us.

/The BIMobject dev team.

## Node get-up-and-running instructions if you encounter problem using the installer
 - Install Node
	- on OSX install [home brew](http://brew.sh/) and type `brew install node`
	- on Windows install [chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) 
    - Read here for some [tips on Windows](http://jpapa.me/winnode)
    - open command prompt as administrator
        - type `choco install nodejs`
        - type `choco install nodejs.install`
- On OSX you can alleviate the need to run as sudo by [following these instructions](http://jpapa.me/nomoresudo). I highly recommend this step on OSX
- Open terminal
- Type `npm install -g bower`

Commit message:

remove bower dependencies to fix security warnings.

README.md, after:

```
    __________.___   _____        ___.        __               __
    \______   \   | /     \   ____\_ |__     |__| ____   _____/  |_ 
    |    |  _/   |/  \ /  \ /  _ \| __ \    |  |/ __ \_/ ___\   __\
    |    |   \   /    Y    (  <_> ) \_\ \   |  \  ___/\  \___|  |  
    |______  /___\____|__  /\____/|___  /\__|  |\___  >\___  >__|  
           \/             \/          \/ \_____|     \/     \/      
    ----------------------------------------------------------------- 
```

Hi there! Welcome to the BIMobject AngularJS test. 

## To get you started:

1. Make sure you have NodeJS installed. Yarn is recommended as package manager but the build in npm should do fine.
2. Using yarn
```bash
$ yarn install / $ npm install
```
3. Run 
```bash
$ yarn dev / npm run dev
```
4. Navigate to the address shown in the terminal, probably [localhost:4040](http://127.0.0.1:4040).

**Happy coding!**

## To show off what you've done

Create a fork of the project and send us the link to your project to us.

/The BIMobject dev team.
